Implement template inheritance (#18)
pyansys/pyansys-templates: src/ansys/templates/python/pyansys/README.rst

How to install
--------------

At least two installation modes are provided: user and developer.

For users
^^^^^^^^^

User installation can be performed by running:

.. code:: bash

    python -m pip install {{ cookiecutter.__pkg_name }}

For developers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Installing Py{{ cookiecutter.product_name }} {{ cookiecutter.library_name }} in developer mode allows
you to modify the source and enhance it.

Before contributing to the project, please refer to the `PyAnsys Developer's guide`_. You will 
need to follow these steps:

1. Start by cloning this repository:

    .. code:: bash

        git clone {{ cookiecutter.repository_url }}

2. Create a fresh-clean Python environment and activate it. Refer to the
   official `venv` documentation if you require further information:

    .. code:: bash

        # Create a virtual environment
        python -m venv .venv

        # Activate it in a Linux environment
        python -m venv .venv && source .venv/bin/activate

        # Activate it in a Windows CMD environment
        source .venv\Scripts\activate.bat

        # Activate it in a Windows Powershell environment
        source .venv\Scripts\Activate.ps1

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

3. Make sure you have the latest version of `pip`_:

    .. code:: bash

        python -m pip install -U pip

4. Install the project in editable mode:

    .. code:: bash
    
        python -m pip install --editable {{ cookiecutter.__pkg_name }}

5. Install additional requirements (if needed):

     .. code:: bash

        python -m pip install -r requirements/requirements_build.txt
        python -m pip install -r requirements/requirements_doc.txt
        python -m pip install -r requirements/requirements_tests.txt

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

6. Finally, verify your development installation by running:

    .. code:: bash
        
        python -m pip install -r requirements/requirements_tests.txt

>         pytest tests -vvv

Reviewer: Using higher verbosity levels (-vvv, -vvvv, …) is supported, but has no effect in pytest itself at the moment, however some plugins might make use of higher verbosity.

from:
https://docs.pytest.org/en/latest/how-to/output.html

```suggestion
        pytest tests -v
```

Style and Testing
-----------------

If required, you can always call the style commands (`black`_, `isort`_,
`flake8`_...) or unit testing ones (`pytest`_) from the command line. However,
this does not guarantee that your project is being tested in an isolated

> environment, which is the reason why tools like `tox`_ exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environment, which is another reason to consider using `tox`_.
```

Documentation
-------------

For building documentation, you can either run the usual rules provided in the
`Sphinx`_ Makefile, such us:

.. code:: bash

    python -m pip install -r requirements/requirements_doc.txt

>     make -C doc/ html && your_browser_name doc/html/index.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make -C doc/ html

    # subsequently open the documentation with (under Linux):
    your_browser_name doc/html/index.html
```

Py{{ cookiecutter.product_name }} {{ cookiecutter.library_name }}
{{ '=' * (cookiecutter.__project_name_slug | length) }}

{{ cookiecutter.short_description }}

How to install
--------------

At least two installation modes are provided: user and developer.

For users
^^^^^^^^^

User installation can be performed by running:

.. code:: bash

    python -m pip install {{ cookiecutter.__pkg_name }}

For developers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Installing Py{{ cookiecutter.product_name }} {{ cookiecutter.library_name }} in developer mode allows
you to modify the source and enhance it.

Before contributing to the project, please refer to the `PyAnsys Developer's guide`_. You will 
need to follow these steps:

1. Start by cloning this repository:

    .. code:: bash

        git clone {{ cookiecutter.repository_url }}

2. Create a fresh-clean Python environment and activate it. Refer to the

>    official `venv` documentation if you require further information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   official `venv <https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html>`_ documentation if you require further information:
```

Reviewer: Requires the updated link at the bottom of this `README.rst`.

    .. code:: bash

        # Create a virtual environment
        python -m venv .venv

>         # Activate it in a Linux environment

Author: This is solves https://github.com/pyansys/pyansys-templates/issues/17 too.

        python -m venv .venv && source .venv/bin/activate

        # Activate it in a Windows CMD environment
        source .venv\Scripts\activate.bat

        # Activate it in a Windows Powershell environment

>         source .venv\Scripts\Activate.ps1

Author: These lines solve issue #17.

this does not guarantee that your project is being tested in an isolated
environment, which is another reason to consider using `tox`_.

Documentation
-------------

For building documentation, you can either run the usual rules provided in the
`Sphinx`_ Makefile, such us:

.. code:: bash

    python -m pip install -r requirements/requirements_doc.txt
    make -C doc/ html

    # subsequently open the documentation with (under Linux):
    your_browser_name doc/html/index.html

Distributing
------------

If you would like to create either source or wheel files, start by installing
the building requirements:

.. code:: bash

    python -m pip install -r requirements/requirements_build.txt

Then, you can execute:

    .. code:: bash

        python -m build
        python -m twine check dist/*

.. LINKS AND REFERENCES
.. _black: https://github.com/psf/black
.. _flake8: https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/
.. _isort: https://github.com/PyCQA/isort
.. _PyAnsys Developer's guide: https://dev.docs.pyansys.com/
.. _pre-commit: https://pre-commit.com/
.. _pytest: https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/
.. _Sphinx: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/
.. _tox: https://tox.wiki/

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. venv: https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html

```
